Now that I have mastered explosion magic,
the time has come to inform
the world of my greatness!
Yes, let the smoke from my explosion
be a signal to the world's mightiest!
W-Wait on a second, please!
Could I have another chance?
Sorry, no. Not looking to
have my store get blown up.
I did it exactly as you said!
Please, I need this job!
I'm running out of options!
Don't turn me away!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Episode 6: The Raison D'être of an Explosive NEET
Chekera's place didn't work out, either.
The ticket to Arcanretia is 300,000 eris...
I'm not even close yet.
Hey there, Megumin.
Another day of looking for work?
Why not just give up already?
Why not find a job yourself, Bukkorori?
In time, a battle requiring
my great talents will dawn.
I must sharpen my fangs until then!
See ya.
If you need any kind of help other
than financial, just let me know.
Since we're both NEETs, after all.
I am not a NEET.
A NEET refers to the kind of failure
who has no intention of getting a job.
Someone who wants to work,
but is unable to, is not a NEET!
Right. I'm a job-hunter!
I have returned.
Welcome home!
Hey, Sis, gimme food, please!
It's the Mad Exploder!
The Demon King's army is attacking!
Damn it, he's not escaping tonight!
Megumin!
It's too early for this commotion.
Don't you consider the nuisance
you're being to your neighbors?
How dare you of all people say that?!
What was that explosion last night?!
I'm not sure why you're asking me.
I heard it was the Demon King's army.
Stop playing dumb!
This was the same night after you
got rejected from all those jobs!
Wait, what is this?!
Are you seriously accusing me?
I'm shocked! And I thought
we were friends, Yunyun.
You can't just say that we're friends
and expect me to let anything slide!
Stop it, please!
Fine! I understand!
My brain! My poor brain!
What is wrong with you, firing off
explosion magic inside the village?!
Does this hurt?
How about this?
This hurt?
It's not my fault!
Like this?
Society's to blame for not being
able to utilize my gifts!
That hurt?
How long are you going to use that excuse?
Does it hurt? How about this?
Stop thinking that you're
going to get rich quick,
and start actually working to save money!
I tried my best, okay?!
But it didn't work!
What about this?
What if I pull here?
Oh, fine, then...
Does this hurt? Maybe here?
I've got a few ideas in mind.
A-And I don't want you blowing stuff
up just to let off some steam!
Come on, let's go.
I don't want to see potatoes
again for a long time.
I've had enough of this!
I'm a prodigious magus!
There are as many adventurers
in this wide world
thirsting for my talents as
there are stars in the sky!
How long must I be trapped in this village?
Megumin...
I'll try and find some
better-paying jobs, so don't—
Yunyun, I need to ask a favor.
What's that?
Care to go on a little date?
Huh?
Explosion!
Another day, another nice explosion.
Wh-What are you doing?!
What do you mean? It's part of my routine.
I need to use my explosion
magic once a day or I die.
Stupid, stupid, stupid!
Stupid Megumin!
Now, Yunyun, please carry me home.
What?!
Right now, I'm as helpless
as a newborn infant.
Now, carry me, please!
I'm going to throttle you if
you don't stop being stupid!
What're you two doing out here?
B-Bukkorori?
What brings you here?
You two heard all that noise, right?
I thought it might be the Mad Exploder,
so I rushed over here.
Did you see him?
And why is Megumin lying on the ground?
W-Well... because...
I saw the Mad Exploder!
We were gaining levels by fighting monsters
in the woods when we had an encounter!
That kind of strength...
I'm certain they must be one of
the the Demon King's enforcers!
Sadly, they escaped after
our valiant struggle...
So that's why you look so ridiculous.
They must've been a truly fearsome foe.
Yes. Most likely a demon.
It was a... demon woman, with a
really luscious body and big horns.
H-How can she just lie like that?
Whew. I'm exhausted.
S-So... for t-tomorrow... um...
Right. I'd appreciate your help in
job searching tomorrow, as well.
O-Okay! See you then.
Good grief...
Chomusuke, I'm home.
What's that look for?
Here now... Is that good?
Is that where you like it?
You're a needy little thing,
aren't you? How about—
Okay, not there!
I apologize for dropping by
so late. Is anyone home?
The door's open. Come right in.
Who might you be?
It's been so long, but I've found you at last,
my glorious mistress.
When I learned the seal had been broken,
I made a great journey to reach this place.
I am called Arnes.
I will serve as an extension of your will,
dedicating my life to your protection.
I knew a day like this would come.
The age of chaos draws near.
You will stand at my side, my servant!
I don't know who you are,
but I appreciate what you've done.
I will attend to my mistress from now on.
Wait. I thought you were talking about me?
No.
Then you're here for...
The one on top of you.
Oh, her.
My glorious mistress,
whose domain is sloth and violence...
Come, let us be on our way.
I don't think she's interested.
You should go now.
W-Wait just a minute!
Lady Wolbach, it's me! Arnes!
Come on! Let's head home together.
I've been through so much
trying to find you!
You're a stubborn one, aren't you?
She doesn't want to go, so that's that.
I-I would never leave your
kindness unrewarded.
I'm prepared to show my gratitude...
What is this? Chomusuke is a
beloved member of this family.
You can't expect money to be enough...
I only have 300,000 eris
on me at the moment.
Three hundred thousand eris?!
You'll have to forgive the paltry sum...
No apologies necessary!
You can have her back right now.
Thank you so much!
Look here! It's your new guardian!
Take care now!
Let go!
U-Um... My mistress seems rather reluctant,
and I'm sure you need to say your goodbyes.
I'll come by again tomorrow.
Sorry about this. Until tomorrow, then.
It's a promise.
Right, so, Chomusuke is going
to be leaving us today.
You mean to tell me you sold her?
The same cat you've been
taking such good care of?!
Unbelievable!
You don't understand! It's tearing
me apart, too! I feel so sad!
But I want that 300,000 eris!
I'm here to retrieve my
mistress, as promised.
Miss Arnes!
Excuse me... What do you mean
when you call her that?
You have my thanks for seeing
to her care all this time.
But it would be wise to not
ask any further questions.
Now...
Let's be on our way, Lady Wolbach.
Ow, ow, ow!
P-Please, cease this horseplay!
Chomusuke, stop it!
A demon?!
So, you've seen.
And a high-ranked demon?
What are you doing here?
You need not worry.
I'm only here for Lady Wolbach.
Hand her over without any trouble,
and you won't be harmed.
I promise.
L-Like we can trust the words of a demon.
That's right!
You're sure to chow down on Chomusuke
as soon as we hand her over!
How impudent. I'll have you know that
demons never break our promises—
P-Promises?
Promises...
Wh-What's wrong?
Promises!
It's not very good tea.
Thank you.
And I apologize for losing
my composure like that.
Um... are you okay?
Yes, I'm feeling a bit better.
You seem to have been through quite a lot.
That's right.
Lately, I seem to be trapped
in this bizarre energy field...
E-Energy?
And something about it seems to attract men
that are like crystallized
embodiments of trash!
I've been lied to, betrayed, and
had every promise to me broken!
I've grown quite accustomed
to it at this point...
The bitter taste of deception.
W-Well...
It's fine, though.
Now that I'm safely reunited
with my mistress,
all those tearful days can finally end!
Now, Lady Wolbach, come with me!
W-Well, Chomusuke doesn't
seem to want to leave,
so maybe you could just forget about—
What?! Are you humans breaking
yet another promise to me?!
Not exactly...
Hey, Megumin. Pardon the intrusion.
Bukkorori?
Wh-What are you doing here?
I could feel this extremely attractive
energy calling to me, so here I am.
Energy...
I can feel it! I sense the energy
of an extremely trashy man!
Hey, Megumin. Is this demon the
Mad Exploder that's been causing trouble?
That's right!
She's the one who did it!
I see! Here for revenge, huh,
you treacherous fiend?!
What are you talking about?!
Assemble, my crimson bestial brethren!
The time has come to bear your razor fangs!
Hey! You do realize I have
to live here, don't you?!
I feel them!
This energy resonating with the abyssal
depths of our souls drives us onward!
My precious students, we're on the way!
I-I can sense it... The energy
of a mass of worthless men...
No more! I can't do this!
You won't escape!
A curse upon humanity!
And death to all worthless men!
I feel kind of bad for that demon,
but at least she didn't take Chomusuke away.
Yes. I was wondering, could you take
care of Chomusuke at your place?
Huh? Where'd that come from?!
I'm thinking of leaving
for my journey tomorrow.
So soon?!
And what about the money?
This should cover the cost of teleportation.
Th-That's so mean!
You're really going to spend it,
after all that's happened?
Crimson Demons are solitary creatures.
I'm sure we'll meet again,
if it's fated to happen.
Did you tell your parents?
I've told my mother and father that I would
leave when the time is right long ago.
But...
You could take your time.
This is so sudden.
It's not sudden at all.
I've been waiting for over half a year.
That being the case,
please take care of this furball.
Megumin... You're gonna
come back to the village
once you find that robed woman, right?
No, I won't.
Once I'm out in the world and
have reliable companions,
I may as well slay the Demon King,
and ascend his throne!
When that happens,
I'll make you one of my generals.
That is not going to happen!
Why do we have to be bad guys?
You're going to become village chief once
you've learned advanced magic, right?
That's right.
But I don't think that's
gonna happen for a while.
So... y'know...
Well, Yunyun, as my self-proclaimed
rival, I wish you good luck.
But if you try to become one of my generals
after I've already conquered
the world, it'll be too late.
I would never ask for that!
If you become the Demon King,
I'll come and defeat you!
Until we meet again.
Yeah... See you then.
H-Hey, Megumin!
W-Wait just a sec, okay?
Komekko, if anything happens while I'm
gone, be sure to tell the adults, all right?
Okay, I will.
He might not seem like much, but if you
need help, you can talk to Bukkorori.
He probably won't have
anything better to do.
Okay, I will.
If you get lonely, you should visit Yunyun.
I'm sure she'll be glad to see you.
If anything, she'll probably
be lonelier than you,
so you should check on
her from time to time.
Okay, I will.
My little sister is so clever, and so strong.
Good luck, Sis. Become the
strongest ever, okay?
Understood.
Consider it a promise, my dear sister.
Once day, I'll be renowned as the
most powerful mage in the world.
Beat up the Demon King, okay?
The... Demon King? That's a little...
Beat him up, okay?
I'll do my best.
Sis?
What is it?
Come home soon, okay?
She should be coming any time now...
What kept you?
Would it kill you to think about those
of us who were waiting all morning?
You all really have nothing better to do?
Just for once, could you
maybe say "thank you"?
Yunyun won't be coming.
She had some important
discussion with her parents.
I see.
Huh? You're not sad?
Not really.
Not that you'd admit it, anyway.
Whatever. Here you go.
What is it?
A parting gift. A staff made by Funifura's dad.
Thank you. I'll take good care of it.
But what brought this on?
Some sort of tsundere thing?
Of course not!
I just don't like leaving debts unpaid!
Funifura was really grateful for
that medicine you made, Megumin.
What? You mean to tell me your
little brother was actually sick?
I was sure you'd just made up
a story to fleece Yunyun...
I wouldn't go that far!
As creepily obsessed with her brother
as she is, Funifura isn't a bad person!
Hey!
Next is from me. A one-of-a-kind treasure.
Whoa, your eyepatch?
Isn't this the first time
you've taken it off, Arue?
Th-This is a really big deal, actually!
It's a magic item that helps
restrain my magic power.
I was born with more power
than I could control,
so I've been wearing this since I was young.
And you're just gonna give it to Megumin?
It's fine. My dream is to
become a writer, after all.
I want to write stories
that make people happy.
I'd love to hear about your
adventures someday, Megumin.
Th-That was a lot more
profound than I expected...
Makes the staff seem kinda lame.
I'll treasure all of it just the same.
That's good to know.
Considering that's just a fashion eye
patch with nothing special about it.
Come on!
Authors make up stories. It's what we do.
The teleportation to Arcanretia
is about to activate.
If you're going to be leaving,
please get into position.
Have a good trip.
I'm heading out!
May your journey be blessed!
Teleport!
I am called Megumin.
She who was born in the
village of Crimson Demons...
And she who will, one day,
perfect explosion magic!
Next Episode Preview
Episode 7: "Troublemakers of the City of Water"
Big trouble, Megumin!
You were so excited to leave, but now you're
back to looking for work all the time!
And what do you think you
know about my situation?!
I just hope you don't get so isolated that
you end up joining a weird cult...
That's not happening!
N-Next time, we'll join you for
a business meeting with an...
Explosion!